
  svn/cvs: $Id$

  
  After building the sample wrapper programs, you should have two wrappers:

    * osi_dylp, a simple native interface to dylp, written in C. This
      wrapper has no dependence on COIN code.

    * odsi+dylp, a simple wrapper that runs dylp through the OsiDylp OSI
      layer.

  The shell script `plain' provides a convenient way to supply the needed
  command line parameters for the wrappers. Typing `plain' will get you a
  usage message. `plain <problem>' will search in the current directory and
  in COIN/Mps/Netlib for the specified problem file (Note 1). By default,
  plain will run the osi_dylp wrapper; you can change this by editing the
  script. You can also select the wrapper you want as a command line
  parameter.

  Once it locates the problem file, plain will look around for a dylp options
  file, by default <problem>.spc. If it doesn't find one, it will look for
  a file named generic.spc. This distribution comes with generic.spc and
  greenbeb.spc, just to give you an idea of how options files look.

  E.g., `plain adlittle' will use osi_dylp to solve the Netlib example
  problem adlittle, with the generic.spc options file.

  Expected results, for the default build (info printing and statistics
  enabled, optimised compile), for two Netlib problems:

  Problem	Objective	Run time

  adlittle	 225494.963	  .02 sec.	osi_dylp, odsi+dylp

  greenbeb     -4302260.26	12.04 sec.	odsi+dylp
				27.84 sec.	osi_dylp

  adlittle is tiny, and a fast test. greenbeb makes dylp work harder, and
  shows the improvement due to CoinPresolve, which is used by OsiDylp.

  The run times given above are for a SunBlade 1500, 1GB RAM, 1MB L2 cache.
  Your mileage will assuredly vary, but at least you have an idea of roughly
  how long to wait.

  ---------------------------
  Note 1: Compressed (.gz) files will be unzipped into this directory. Dylp's
	  native mps reader doesn't support compressed files, nor does it
	  support files that take full advantage of MPS fixed format and use
	  spaces in the row and column names. Since the OsiDylp interface
	  layer makes use of the COIN MPS i/o facilities, which support the
	  full MPS specification and compressed files, there's no particular
	  motivation to upgrade dylp's mps reader.  Dylp's MPS reader, on the
	  other hand, does support some extensions that may be useful in
	  other contexts.
  ---------------------------

  The file Makefile.bare is a bare-bones makefile which illustrates how to
  build a simple (one file) application using OsiDylp outside of the COIN
  build environment. It uses the odsi+dylp main program as the application.

